Hello everyone and welcome to the Mac OS installation video at the beginning of this section called
Introduction to Jupiter notebooks.
There's also a written now Course material installation guide.
In this lecture we're just going to go over those instructions on a Mac system.
You can go ahead and follow these instructions if you have a Linux based system because they're going
to be extremely similar.
All right let's go ahead and get started.
First thing we want to do is go ahead and jump to an internet browser.
I highly recommend chrome or Mozilla Firefox.
The Jupiter notebooks always work best with Google Chrome browser.
OK.
Now we're here at the Google Chrome browser.
First thing we're going to search for is Jupiter that's j u p y.
TR That will take you to Jupiter dot org.
Go ahead and click that link and you should see a page that looks something like this.
If you scroll down you'll then see a link that says try it in your browser and install the notebook
.
If you click try it in your browser here moping in a new tab you'll see a page begin to load.
And it looks something like this.
This is basically the cheaper notebook system in your browser.
So if you're running this on a Chromebook for example or anything where you only have access to the
browser you can actually use this web site try Jupiter dot org to run Jupiter notebooks completely in
browser.
Just click here on NEW.
Then click Python to wait for it to load and then you can actually type python code here and print something
like hello world and then run the cell will go into much deeper detail about how to use that you are
notebooks and how to get the Course notebooks in general.
But I just want you to be aware of this Web site.
Tried that chapter.
Org in case you're interested in it.
You want to install the notebook system locally.
Click install the notebook link and it should take you to the official documentation and we can go ahead
and zoom in here.
And this section just explains how to install the Jupiter note book system.
You'll see there's three options.
Installing Jupiter in Python installing Jupiter if you already have Python and upgrading a Jupiter installation
.
It should be noted that Mac and Linux systems almost always come with Python already installed.
However I still recommend going with the install Jupiter in Python because when you click it it'll tell
you about Anaconda Anaconda conveniently installs Python.
The Jupiter notebook and other commonly used packages for scientific computing in a field known as data
science.
If you go out and click here on the link installing Anaconda they'll take you to continue on to slash
downloads and then you can just jump to OSX or Linux and follow the relevant instructions.
In this case just go ahead and click here on the graphical installer and follow directions.
Once you're done executing the graphical installer There is also a command line installer for that option
.
If you are using Anaconda for Linux you also have the same options here for 64 bit and 32 bit but for
those you'll have to execute them on the command line by following the instructions here.
Again if you're using Mac I just recommend to use the graphical installer.
There is a command line installer option but the graphical installers usually it's easier to use in
general.
OK so once you've done that and follow the directions if you go back to the documentation you should
just be able to go to your terminal for a Mac or Linux or command prompt for Windows to find your terminal
just click the command key and space to open a spotlight search and then begin to type terminal and
you'll get something that looks like this.
Here we have my bash terminal.
Once you've done that you can say conda and we'll zoom in here Khanda install Jupiter.
Go ahead and click enter and once you've run that I won't run it right now since I already have Conda
installed and Jupiter installed they'll automatically install the Jupiter notebook's after that.
Once that's all installed you should just be able to write.
Jupiter.
Space notebook.
Hit enter and you should see a new notebook system pop up.
You can come to the right click on Python too and now you're running Jupiter notebook's locally wherever
you are in your terminal.
All right.
That's the basics of the material of course instruction installation.
You can go ahead and check lecture 28 for more details on the introduction to Jupiter notebooks and
how to understand every single step of the way for installation and the next lectures will actually
go over the notebooks and much more detail how to get the course material and how to create the interview
notebooks.
This is just instructions on the basic installation.
OK thanks everyone and I'll see if the next lecture